Pg color: #ffffff
secondary color; #F4F4F4
accent color; #449DD1
blacks; #000000

Typo 
Desktop header; 60
desktop h2; 30
desktop p; 18
p2; 14
small tags 12

mobile header; 37
h2; 20
p tag 18
p2; 13
small tag; 11


Find your Hernia Specialist in Austin, TX.
Your trusted destination for premier hernia care in Austin and Surrounding Areas.

Take the first step towards a pain-free life.

Finding the right specialist is crucial for successful hernia treatment

Choose a location that is convenient for you, ensure you attend consultations and follow-up appointments

Scheduling your procedure at a time that suits you ensures you can plan your recovery period effectively

Inguinal hernia
Incisional hernia
Hiatal hernia
Femoral hernia
Ventral hernia
Umbilical hernia
Recurrent hernia
Diaphragmatic hernia
Spigelian hernia
Flank hernia

An incarcerated hernia can cut off blood flow to part of your intestine. Strangulation can lead to the death of the affected bowel tissue. A strangulated hernia is life-threatening and requires immediate surgery.
Symptoms of a strangulated hernia can include severe pain, nausea, vomiting, and fever. In some cases, a hernia can be gently pushed back into place, but a strangulated hernia requires surgery to repair.

Do You Need A Hernia Specialist?

Inguinal Hernia
Inguinal hernias are the most common type of hernia encountered. They occur in women but occur more commonly in males. About 1 in 4 males will have an inguinal hernia at some point in their lifetime. The testicle descending from the abdomen into the scrotum predisposes males to have a natural weakness in the groin where inguinal hernias occur.

Hiatal Hernia
Hiatal hernias typically occur later in life and cause a myriad of symptoms. Symptoms may include heartburn, nausea, vomiting, regurgitation, abdominal pain, chest pain, difficulty swallowing, bloating, belching, or coughing. The term hiatal comes from hiatus (or opening), specifically the esophageal hiatus.
Umbilical Hernia
Umbilical hernias are one of the most common hernias encountered. They are naturally occurring hernias, common in all ages from infants to the elderly. They occur at the navel, also known as the umbilicus. This is the site that the umbilical cord previously passed through and acts as a natural site of weakness in the abdominal wall.

BRONX HERNIA SPECIALISTS
How Do I Know If My Hernia Needs Surgery?
A hernia is a common but frequently misunderstood condition. You may have a hernia if you have swelling and a bulge that is able to be “pushed back” into your abdomen. If it continues to grow, you will need to have hernia surgery in order to repair it.
How Long Does A Hernia Operation Take?
The operation usually takes about 30 to 45 minutes to complete and you'll usually be able to go home on the same day. Some people stay in hospital overnight if they have other medical problems or live on their own.

Have Questions? 
Our team is dedicated to providing you with the information and support you need. 

Disclaimer: We are a medical marketing entity. We are not considered a medical practice, institution or hospital. Please know that email communication via our website may not be done through a secure platform. Although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in your submission can be intercepted and read by parties other than the intended recipient. To protect your confidential information, please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date or personal medical information in any emails or website submissions you send to us.

Doctor pg
Vineet Choudhry was born near Chicago and has lived in various places growing up such as Kansas City and San Francisco. However, he moved to Ft. Worth, Texas in 1984 and now considers himself a native Texan. 
He graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry from the University of Texas at Austin in 1997. He then received his medical degree at Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine. After successfully completing his specialty training residency in General Surgery at the University of Kansas School of Medicine in Wichita, Kansas, he returned to Austin in 2008 to open his medical practice.